These results indicated that UBA2 was a critical cell cycle and proliferation regulator and may be a novel cancer marker in this malignant tumor.
Our study indicated that genetic variations in miR-125 family were implicated in the survival of NSCLC patients.
These findings suggest that the TSC1 gene variant is an important predictive marker for platinum doublet chemotherapy outcomes in NSCLC patients.
Expression of hUTP14a was up-regulated in NSCLC tissues and was correlated with pTNM stage of SCC, suggesting that hUTP14a might possess a potential as a candidate marker for the early diagnosis screening of NSCLC.
ZWINT may be a novel target for lung cancer therapy.
P53 mutations are potential prognostic markers that can be used to further improve the accuracy of predicting survival and disease-free survival times of cancer patients.
DEGs, including AURKB, BUB1B, KIF2C, HMMR, CENPF, and CENPU, might be potential biomarkers for the prognosis and treatment of lung adenocarcinoma.
The results of the present study suggest that Wrap53α may serve a role in the pathogenesis of a subset of lung cancer, and its methylation may be considered to be a prognostic marker for surgically resected NSCLC patients. However, further studies with a larger sample size are required to confirm this finding.
Our study demonstrates that LINC00342 is involved in the development, and LINC00342 may be a potential diagnostic factor and a target for new therapies for future patients with NSCLC.
This indicates a significant correlation between IL-6 overexpression and cancer development, highlighting the significance of IL-6 in oral, lung, esophageal, and gallbladder carcinomas. IL-6 may be used as a tumor marker for cancer diagnosis. It may be a clinically significant predictor and may represent a target for cancer treatment. However, to definitely conclude this, further extensive studies would be required.
The results of this comprehensive study show both microbiome-gene and microbiome-exposure interactions in squamous cell carcinoma lung cancer tissue. Specifically, tumors harboring TP53 mutations, which can impair epithelial function, have a unique bacterial consortium that is higher in relative abundance in smoking-associated tumors of this type. Given the significant need for clinical diagnostic tools in lung cancer, this study may provide novel biomarkers for early detection.
Collectively, these results indicated that p53 may contribute to the cytotoxic and cytostatic effects associated with establishing a feedback loop with ROS induced by erastin.
The different immunohistochemical expressions of these 2 kinds of SCCs may be related with their pathogenetic mechanism, and these differences may be helpful in the identification of the origins of the metastatic SCC with unknown primary site.
The findings indicated that the positive mutation rate of EGFR tested by NGS was significantly lower than that by Sanger sequencing, but the difference between ddPCR and NGS was not statistically significant. The high degree of agreement of reportable variants is proposed in both NGS and ddPCR analysis, suggesting the performance of NGS assays in routine clinical detection may be useful in determining the treatment decisions in NSCLC patients.
The tumor's cellularity, the Ki-67 positivity rate and PCNA, together with the clinical stage and the histological differentiation bring extra pieces of useful information in order to anticipate the evolution and the prognosis of lung cancer.
We propose a role as early prognostic biomarkers for pERK protein levels in adenocarcinoma, and for nuclear p53 levels in squamous cell lung carcinoma. The determination of these potential biomarkers in the adequate histologic context may predict the outcome of early stage NSCLC patients, and may offer a therapeutic opportunity to enhance survival of these patients.
The present study indicated that the formation of SCLC may be associated with cell cycle regulation. In addition, the four crucial genes CCNB1, CCNB2, MAD2L1 and CDK1, which are downstream of p53, may have important roles in the occurrence and progression of SCLC, and thus may be promising potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets.
We also identified the expression level of SGK1 and the p53 pathway including downstream apoptotic proteins under the stimulation of γ-radiation and SGK1 inhibitor GSK650394, which presented a series of dynamic fluctuations. Our results suggest that SGK1 dynamics could play an important role in cell signaling, which is capable of directly influencing NSCLC cellular fate decisions.
The expression of p53R2 was inversely associated with the proliferation and progression of LSC, and the results indicated that the high expression of p53R2 was an independent factor for unfavorable prognosis of patients with LSC.
NKX2-1 expression impacts prognosis in early-stage NSCLC patients, particularly in those with neither TP53 nor KRAS mutations